the ingredients I'm gonna make something
very easy spaghetti with some tuna yeah
we are here around 200 grams so chillin
discarnate won some chocolate Brussels
in some white wine you know some chili
very hot - is this one garlic some
coppers and black olives okay
I'm starving so let's start olive oil is
hot let's add the garlic chop the garlic
and wait 20 30 seconds until he comes
help it brown with long time I didn't
cook at home
I'm back in the business so stay tuned
there is neutral price my sister will
cook with me she's just arrived from
Milan she said she wants to cook so
let's add chilli and put the fire will
be down at the short
with all my support
it doesn't matter if you've heard about
anybody who's the fighter now they
already we start to to be like the cream
very fast and very sweet rice - so you
cannot boil the pasta by the way I will
cook some spaghetti
this point I want to add the white wine
wait until
wine olive oil okay after three minutes
you can see now it's very clean
let's add the copper and black only
let's cook that for our to three meals
maximum five means that make the best
mix everything is ready I know I've just
put a little bit of a thought but just
very little because coppers I already
salted you wanna use it and chopped but
firstly now everything is finished when
spaghetti will be ready we will mix
everything together and like I tell you
that's gonna be very nice very good
pasta time spaghetti time now it's time
to mix everything together good smells
very nice you can feel the garlic and
olives and peppers it's very very simple
recipe I send you black colleague just
jump it he's finished he's finished
let's prepare the dish I'm stopped okay
this is the way I cook I don't care
about anybody else
subscribe to the channel if you like if
you don't like of course get out of here
so my sister will join my cooking
channel so stay tuned again see you in
the next tutorial
enjoy your food always